TESTING.md, before:

## __Testing__

### Browser Compatibility
* This site has been tested on three browsers for compatibility, as evidenced below:

Chrome laptop view:

![Chrome laptop view](documentation/readme/chrome_laptop_view.png)

Firefox, tablet view:

![Screenshot of tablet view on Firefox](documentation/readme/firefox_tablet_view.png)

Microsoft Edge, mobile view:

![Screenshot of mobile view on Microsoft Edge](documentation/readme/edge_mobile_view.png)
### Code Validation

The code has passed through the code validators and no errors were found, as evidenced below:

CSS

![image of confirmation of CSS code validation](documentation/readme/code_validation/css_validation.png)

Link:  https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Frobn88.github.io%2FSounds-labyrinth

index.html:

![image of confirmation of HTML code validation for index.html](documentation/readme/code_validation/html_validation.png)

Link:  https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https://robn88.github.io/Sounds-labyrinth/

Javascript

![image of confirmation of validation of javascript](documentation/readme/code_validation/js_validation.png)

Link:  https://jshint.com/

### Responsiveness

* The website has been tested for responsiveness on a variety of devices, as evidenced below:

![Image of the website page across multiple devices](documentation/readme/responsive.png)

Commit message:

Add comments crediting code to index, style and script

TESTING.md, after:

## __Testing__

### Browser Compatibility
* This site has been tested on three browsers for compatibility, as evidenced below:

Chrome laptop view:

![Chrome laptop view](documentation/readme/chrome_laptop_view.png)

Firefox, tablet view:

![Screenshot of tablet view on Firefox](documentation/readme/firefox_tablet_view.png)

Microsoft Edge, mobile view:

![Screenshot of mobile view on Microsoft Edge](documentation/readme/edge_mobile_view.png)

### Code Validation

The code has passed through the code validators and no errors were found, as evidenced below:

CSS

![image of confirmation of CSS code validation](documentation/readme/code_validation/css_validation.png)

Link:  https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Frobn88.github.io%2FSounds-labyrinth

index.html:

![image of confirmation of HTML code validation for index.html](documentation/readme/code_validation/html_validation.png)

Link:  https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https://robn88.github.io/Sounds-labyrinth/

Javascript

![image of confirmation of validation of javascript](documentation/readme/code_validation/js_validation.png)

Link:  https://jshint.com/

* Passing the JavaScript through the code validator does not give any errors, although it does give a warning. Despite this warning, the code functions exactly as intended, and no bugs have been produced during all of the testing.

### Responsiveness

* The website has been tested for responsiveness on a variety of devices, as evidenced below:

![Image of the website page across multiple devices](documentation/readme/responsive.png)
